18 sheets of drywall
just sitting on the street.
And now they're mine.
I think I'm gonna build
a recording studio.
Anyway,
what's new with you?
Well, I recently came into
some big meerkat facts.
Did you know meerkats
are more than mere cats?
That's not a fact,
it's a joke
From your latest issue
of national geographic teen.
And you already
told it to me.
I did?
Yes.
Tell me something new
with you.
Uh...
Oh.
I got laid last night.
And it was the best sex
of my life.
I was there.
But I agree.
I really outdid myself.
Surely you've done something
I don't know about.
A moth laid eggs
in my ear.
You showed me.
Anything else?
Hmm...
Oh, I heard about
18 sheets of drywall
Just sitting
on the street.
You heard that from me.
[ chair scraping ]
couldn't help eavesdropping.
I'm also on
a crappy date.
Oh, stop frowning.
We're still gonna smush.
Anyway, listen, a relationship,
like all living things,
Is precious and --
and needs room to breathe.
But being around each other
all the time is like...
Well, it's like
only breathing in.
And that's impossible.
Are you sure,
mr. R?
[ inhaling deeply ]
[ exhales sharply ]
He's absolutely right.
Please continue
with your metaphor.
What you two need
is breathing room,
Some space to get
a little mystery back.
Some space?
Is that what you want,
babe?
I think that will be good
for us.
[ coughing ]
Just spit it out.
That potato was a turnip.
Let's go, babe.
It's smush o'clock.
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
[ brakes squeak ]
I don't want to
go in alone.
You gotta go alone
so you can make a friend.
A friend is the first step
to giving us that space we need.
But my friends always
just disappear anyway.
Not all of them,
what about, uh...
Todd whatshisnuts?
Ted whatshisnuts.
He turned into a ghost
just like the rest.
We've been over this.
The term is "ghosted."
Your friends
ghosted you.
Still sounds spooky.
Do you believe in friendship
at first sight
Or should I walk by
again?
[ chuckles ]
bro, that's a good one.
But I'm already
spoken for.
My friendship bracelet.
Bro, this bro
brahthering you
About your brotiful
friendship brocelet, bro?
[ brakes squeak ]
A playground?
I dunno, babe, those metal
slides look really hot.
I read on yahoo
that single dads at the park
Are lonely as hell
and dying to make friends.
Which one's yours?
Oh I don't have a kid.
But I'd love to see
more of yours
If we start
hanging out.
[ cell door clangs ]
No one in here even wants
to be my friend.
All they want to talk about
is this race war
That I guess is coming.
Did you know about this?
Greg:
The unthinkable has happened.
The guinness record holder for
the world's longest fingernails
Died today
when the hot air balloon
He was riding in
was punctured after
He flashed the peace sign
to gawkers below.
Gee, mom, your nails
are pretty long,
Maybe you could be the next
long-nail guinness freak.
I have always wanted
to be remembered
In the anals of history.
And you've always wanted
to be a freak.
I'm gonna combine
my two life goals.
In business news,
exxon is set to develop
A gasoline-powered
electric chair.
[ grunts ] I stockpiled
prenatal vitamins
When I was pregnant with steve,
but I forgot to take them.
Steve, that's why
you have brittle bones.
They make hair and nails
grow crazy fast.
Go, mom, go!
Aah-ha-ha!
You got off
to a rocky start,
But I have a good feeling
about today.
You. Dodgeball.
Make friend.
Watch where you're going,
jerk.
I'm no jerk.
I'm pretty nice.
I'm sorry, I'm just tense
because my wife's
Making me play dodgeball
to make friends.
But I don't wanna
make friends.
Me neither.
These wives.
I'd rather be
watching meerkats.
I love meerkats.
Did you know that a group
of meerkats is called a mob?
That explains
my stupid favorite shirt.
[ chuckles ]
Would you want to ditch
this dodgeball game
And go not be friends
together?
Uh, are meerkats immune
to most types of venom?
Are they?
Yeah they are.
Oh, no way.
♪ thank you
for being a friend ♪
♪ travel down the road
and back again ♪
♪ your heart is true ♪
♪ you're a pal
and a confidant ♪
♪ and if you threw a party ♪
♪ invited everyone you knew ♪
Say, "we love wild willie's
wild wild west photography."
Can we say
"best friends"?
Three best friends?
No.
Aw!
Two best friends!
♪ friend ♪
And my favorite dollar store
is right next to
The wild west photo place,
so we got chicharrones.
Colby likes 'em, too.
Colby sounds heaven-sent,
babe.
Plus, I'm lovin'
these fresh stories.
[ cellphone vibrates ]
uhp, our weed
delivery's here.
Go, go, go!
That's important!
♪♪
This isn't for weed.
It's for hanging out with jeff.
I can spend it
on weed, though, right?
If you're cool.
Well, I am cool.
That's why
I can't do this anymore.
But why?
It's working.
He's got all these
great new boring stories.
There's something off
about jeff.
Yesterday,
he asked me why
Humans aren't born
wearing shoes.
That's not a normal
dumb thing to say.
That's something
a psychopath
Who's pretending
to be dumb would say.
Look, if you want more,
I'll even throw in
A fully punched
sub hub card.
Just make sure you use it
at the one in chimdale.
I don't need
the headache
Of trying to process
one of these things.
Why are you so sweaty?
Klaus just smoked me
in one-on-one.
I really don't want to
talk about it right now.
Or ever again.
Hey, my first
"around the world."
hayley: Shut up!
Lucky klaus getting so lucky
on every shot.
Oh, colby texted
an hour ago.
"jeff's too creepy.
Ending things today."
Damn it.
We had an agreement.
What happened to honor among
clandestine co-conspirators?
Hey. Jeff.
Sweet, sweet baby.
How was colby?
Leave me alone.
[ cellphone beeps,
line rings ]
Man: Hello.
Alright colby,
give me one reason
I shouldn't pound your face
into the ground.
'cause that would be assaulting
a police officer.
Police?
I thought I called colby.
You did.
But colby can't come
to the phone
Because
he's been so murdered.
What?
He was just with jeff.
Well I don't know
who jeff is,
But, hopefully,
he's not the killer.
Oh, god,
what have I done?
Yeah, hopefully not.
[ chuckles ]
[ both laugh ]
You're sure
colby was murdered?
Yep,
definitely murdered.
Hey, blatt, look.
I'm the dead guy.
Bleh.
Jeff?
We need to talk
about colby.
Uh, colby?
He just texted me.
Just texted you?
Yeah, just now,
'cause our friendship is normal
and still happening.
Off to do friend stuff.
Hayley, you look concerned,
and it's concerning me.
But is it concerning me,
the reason you're concerned?
[ chuckles ]
shut up.
I need to say something
out loud
Just to hear
how crazy it sounds.
Could jeff be
a murderer?
A murderer?
I don't see it.
But we should probably
ask an expert.
Ugh, couldn't find
my dang wig.
Name's hollander hollandaise,
mindhunter --
Professional profiler
of serial killers...
Like jeff.
Jeff's not
a serial killer.
Oh, really?
What happened to the friends
he's had over the years?
He said
they turned into ghosts.
That's basically
a confession.
He meant "ghosted."
jeff's just bad at words.
Counterpoint -- people close
to cold-blooded killers
Are often the last to know --
ugh, I can't.
I see your eyes drifting up
to my wigless head.
You realize, of course,
this isn't the wig
That goes
with the costume,
But let's just try
to make it work.
Rogu is conspicuously
not responding to my texts
About the wig emergency.
Wait, he's typing.
No, he stopped.
Gotta get your story straight,
huh, rogu?
Roger, please.
Exhibit "a" -- jeff uses
nicknames such as "mr. S."
Or "babe" to decouple people
from their humanity.
Then he decouples their heads
from their bodies.
Exhibit "b" --
jeff's dumb-guy act.
Clearly a cover for
the friend-annihilator within.
Objection!
This isn't a court.
Overruled.
But I forced jeff
to get a friend.
He didn't even want one.
Exhibit "c" --
he's resisting having a friend
Because he doesn't
want to be tempted.
Same reason I don't go
to hometown buffet.
Oh boy, hayley, I wish
you hadn't said hometown buffet.
Hayley, be honest.
Did you hear it
when I farted
The entire car ride back
from the restaurant?
Look, I know everything
there is to know about jeff.
He is not a killer.
Yeah,
you're probably right.
I'm sure there's
a reasonable explanation
For why jeff's outside,
Burning
his blood-covered clothes.
[ gasps ]
oh, my god.
I know. This one
doesn't work either.
Why won't rogu
answer my texts?
Francine:
Now add the oregano.
Now I'll stir.
[ gags ]
Whoa.
Talk about nailing
the assignment.
Right?
Hey, you want to try
some sauce?
Ah-ah-ah.
Stay right there.
[ gags ]
Hm.
Not bad, mom.
Unlike the news
I have for you --
Guinness moved the qualifiers
to next week.
You'll have to wait
for next year's book.
Screw that.
I'm not waiting until
Two-thousand
[mumbles indistinctly]
I'm gonna find a way to get
into this year's book.
Something wrong,
babe?
You're pretty quiet
tonight.
What? No.
I was just thinking about
How I know
you're a good person inside.
Speaking of inside,
How come outside
you're wearing a new shirt?
What happened
to old shirt?
It became...
Unacceptable.
Oh, my.
That's a strange answer.
Hi. I'm janice,
taking over for brenda.
She had a big bite of one
of the meats and choked.
Who's ready for
some lamb picanha?
I am,
waitress server lady.
Roger:
Uses nicknames.
Decouples people
from their humanity.
[ grunting ]
Can I give you
a hand?
[ thinking ]
that's alarming
But also kind of sexy?
Roger: Uh-oh,
you're getting turned on.
It's a classic pitfall
of knowing a serial killer.
Danger is sexy.
Roger, are you talking
to me via telepathy?
No, this is just
from your memory.
But do you know where
the xbox controller is?
You know what,
I'll just call you.
[ cellphone vibrates ]
[ cellphone beeps ]
fine. Don't pick up.
But I can tell you're starting
to want to bang your husband.
I would never.
Wow, you truly are
the master of meats.
Gross, babe.
Where are you going?
Wouldn't you
like to know?
Hayley.
Oh, my god!
Oh, please.
You were listening to me
As much as
I was listening to you.
And plus you -- you broke
The first three rules
of mindhunting --
Don't. [bleep]
the killer.
Come on,
jeff is not a killer.
Then what's this
I found under the bed?
A box of my old
garbage pail kids?
Oh, my god,
I love these.
I'll grab mine.
We'll do some trades.
But first,
I mean these.
These are jeff's
old friends.
With x's on their faces?
Houston,
we have a dahmer.
Stan: [ singsong voice ]
franci-ine.
I'm feeling sexual.
Uh...
[ fingernails crackling ]
dr. Kalgary souped up
this dialysis machine
So I can
mainline prenatals.
Wonderful.
Hear that crackling?
That's my nails growing.
Now come to mama
in her special chair.
Oh, unfortunately,
I just remembered
I have to
smell ya later.
Hayley: [ gasps ]
ted whatshisnuts.
More like dead whatshisnuts,
am I right?
They're all dead
or missing.
So jeff's officially
a serial killer.
Hooray!
But it just
can't be jeff.
There has to be
another explanation.
You could pay the western
portrait shop a visit.
Jeff takes
all his victims there,
So it's likely rich
with meaning.
I'd go with you, but I'm
strictly behind the scenes
Until I find
the right wig.
Willie: I wish I had
something to tell you,
Other than I appreciate
his repeat business.
Do you mind if I have
a look around?
Be my guest.
Why don't I join you,
Looking around separately
in a different area?
Jeff,
my future best bud.
I was hoping your wife
would really like me.
But it looks like she knows
my embarrassing secret --
I'm a crazy murderer.
[ chuckles ]
Yeah, I've been killing
your friends for years
So I could be
your one and only.
And guess what?
I'm about to do it again.
[ gasps ]
pick up, pick up,
Pick up, pick up.
Hayley, pick up.
[ cellphone vibrates,
beeps ]
Hayley.
You're in danger.
Of not hearing about
my new wig.
It's a big, brown beaut
like they used to make.
[ cellphone beeps,
door creaks ]
♪♪
Oh, my god.
W-willie's the killer.
You ducked?
That's not very sporting.
[ tires screech ]
aah!
Babe!
Oh, he's so gentle
with her.
What a nice guy.
I'm killing for all
the right reasons.
Babe,
are you okay?
I'm fine,
but, um...
Who are you?
I'm babe.
Oh.
And who am I?
You don't remember
who you are?
I don't remember...
Anything.
Not even the shrine
or the altar?
Is that
the photo-shop guy?
I have no idea.
What about now?
Who am I now?
Muzza vabuzza gabuzza.
Huh?
Gob gob gaboo.
Come on.
It's merlin brando,
"the godfather."
Jesus.
Could I make it
any more obvious?
Sorry.
Whatever.
Let's just go.
It appears hayley has
a full-blown case
Of "muppets take manhattan"
style amnesia.
[ crying ]
She can't remember anything,
not even her name.
Hayley, think fast.
Oh, tragic.
She's going to need to be
painstakingly reintroduced
To every aspect
of her old life.
Sounds like
a husband problem.
Me?
No, not my husband.
You.
Me?
No, follow the finger,
not the nail.
So you're...
My mom?
No.
Well, technically,
yes.
But not right now.
I'm busy.
Hayley: Wow,
meerkats are so cute.
Right?
But did you know
That they're more
than just mere cats?
[ chuckles ]
that's so funny, babe.
[ gasps ]
you called me "babe."
Isn't that your name?
No, it's jeff,
But I like it
when you call me babe, babe.
I like it
when you "babe" me.
Oh shoot.
Aw, don't worry.
I have a trick
for getting rid of stains.
I don't know how to work
the washing machine
So sometimes
with extra-tough stains
I'll just light
my clothes on fire.
Smart.
But why'd you
burn your clothes?
I didn't want you
to be naked in the backyard
All by yourself.
Wow,
you're really sweet.
Just last week,
I burned my clothes
After I covered them in ketchup
at burger king.
I was upset because
my friend colby told me
He didn't want to be
friends with me anymore.
That sounds rough.
The worst part is,
I was too embarrassed
to tell you
Because you wanted space.
Why would anyone want space
from you?
You're the best.
Sto-op.
You're embarrassing me.
These are all the friends
who stopped texting me back,
So then I put x's on their faces
to remember not to bug them.
Hm.
That's really considerate.
And these are all the family
who don't text me back.
Even steve?
Yep.
Sometimes I sorta wish
klaus was x'd out, too.
He can be a lot.
Wait,
there's no portrait of us.
We gotta get one taken.
Wow, your brain's healing
so fast.
You're already remembering
how to have fun.
Boom.
I'm so sorry.
That was pure instinct.
I'm just naturally
a mad defender.
There are parts of me
that are 300 years old.
But I'm young
where it counts.
Mm.
These are baby caterpillars.
So how you feeling,
mom?
I got this in the bag.
Hey,
see that strongman lady?
I'm gonna tickle her.
[ chuckles ]
Noooo!
[ laughter ]
Man: Stop laughing.
I see something
hidden in the hair.
A gorgeous human horn.
The prenatals.
They made me grow
a cutaneous horn.
Look it up.
It's a real thing.
Madam, you're going straight
in our book.
I know, it's a corny joke,
but sex sells.
You'd be surprised
how many people
Use this book as porn.
So, have you lovebirds
been in before?
Not me, but jeff's
been in a few times.
What can I say?
I'm just a little cowboy.
My little cowboy.
Sorry?
Oh, just
private mutterings.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
[ thinking ]
I'm remembering.
Oh, no.
Oh, god.
Jeff, he's the killer.
He killed
all your friends.
Ah, phooey.
Alright,
time for more murder.
Run, jeff!
I don't understand
what's happening!
Freeze, willie.
You know my name.
Oh, you don't even
have a gun.
Jeff, "freeze" is what people
who have guns say.
Sorry,
I'm bad at words.
But I'm good at attacking you
like a meerkat.
Ca-ca-caw!
Caw!
Okay, here's the plan --
I shoot you in both knees,
Kill your wife, and then
visit you in the hospital.
We'll get through this
together, as friends.
I have a few problems
with the plan.
Now that my mindhunter look
is complete,
Off to arrest and/or kill jeff,
that murderer.
Man, I gotta feel the wind
in this baby.
Aah!
[ tires screech,
willie screams ]
Someone stop that dog
with a wig in its mouth!
It's from europe!
The wig, I mean.
The dog looks local.
[ police radio chatter ]
[ siren wails ]
hey!
So we agree --
no more space for a while?
I'm gonna be right
by your side, babe.
Hey, your friends
didn't ghost you after all.
They were just murdered
by a maniac.
Oh, yeah.
It's a happy ending.
[ camera shutter clicks ]
Have a great night!